acanthis cabaret
acanthis flammea
acanthis hornemanni
accipiter brevipes
accipiter francesiae
accipiter gentilis
accipiter gularis
accipiter haplochrous
accipiter nisus
accipiter soloensis
acheta domesticus
acridotheres tristis
acrocephalus agricola
acrocephalus arundinaceus
acrocephalus atyphus
acrocephalus baeticatus
acrocephalus bistrigiceps
acrocephalus caffer
acrocephalus dumetorum
acrocephalus melanopogon
acrocephalus mendanae
acrocephalus orientalis
acrocephalus paludicola
acrocephalus palustris
acrocephalus percernis
acrocephalus rimitarae
acrocephalus schoenobaenus
acrocephalus scirpaceus
acrocephalus taiti
acrocephalus tangorum
acrocephalus vaughani
actitis hypoleucos
actitis macularius
aegithalos caudatus
aegolius funereus
aegypius monachus
aerodramus francicus
aerodramus leucophaeus
aerodramus ocistus
agapornis fischeri
agapornis roseicollis
agropsar philippensis
agropsar sturninus
aix galericulata
aix sponsa
alaemon alaudipes
alauda arvensis
alaudala cheleensis
alaudala rufescens
alca torda
alcedo atthis
alectoris barbara
alectoris chukar
alectoris graeca
alectoris rufa
alle alle
allenia fusca
alopochen aegyptiaca
amandava amandava
amaurornis phoenicurus
amazona aestiva
amazona amazonica
amazona oratrix
ammomanes cinctura
ammomanes deserti
anas acuta
anas crecca
anas georgica
anas platyrhynchos
anas zonorhyncha
anous minutus
anous stolidus
anser albifrons
anser anser
anser brachyrhynchus
anser canagicus
anser cygnoides
anser erythropus
anser fabalis
anser indicus
anser serrirostris
anthus berthelotii
anthus campestris
anthus cervinus
anthus correndera
anthus godlewskii
anthus gustavi
anthus hodgsoni
anthus petrosus
anthus pratensis
anthus richardi
anthus rubescens
anthus spinoletta
anthus trivialis
antigone canadensis
antigone vipio
aphrodroma brevirostris
aplonis striata
aptenodytes patagonicus
apus affinis
apus apus
apus caffer
apus pacificus
apus pallidus
apus unicolor
aquila adalberti
aquila chrysaetos
aquila fasciata
aquila heliaca
ardea alba
ardea cinerea
ardea purpurea
ardenna pacifica
ardeola bacchus
ardeola ralloides
arenaria interpres
argya fulva
arundinax aedon
asio capensis
asio flammeus
asio otus
athene noctua
aythya collaris
aythya ferina
aythya fuligula
aythya marila
aythya nyroca
balearica regulorum
bartramia longicauda
bombycilla garrulus
botaurus stellaris
branta bernicla
branta canadensis
branta hutchinsii
branta leucopsis
branta ruficollis
bubo ascalaphus
bubo blakistoni
bubo bubo
bubo scandiacus
bubulcus coromandus
bubulcus ibis
bucanetes githagineus
bucephala clangula
bulweria bulwerii
burhinus oedicnemus
butastur indicus
buteo buteo
buteo japonicus
buteo lagopus
buteo rufinus
butorides striata
butorides virescens
cacomantis flabelliformis
calandrella brachydactyla
calcarius lapponicus
calidris acuminata
calidris alba
calidris alpina
calidris bairdii
calidris canutus
calidris falcinellus
calidris ferruginea
calidris fuscicollis
calidris maritima
calidris melanotos
calidris minuta
calidris pugnax
calidris pusilla
calidris pygmaea
calidris ruficollis
calidris subminuta
calidris temminckii
calidris tenuirostris
calliope calliope
callipepla californica
callonetta leucophrys
calonectris borealis
calonectris diomedea
caprimulgus aegyptius
caprimulgus europaeus
caprimulgus eximius
caprimulgus jotaka
caprimulgus ruficollis
cardellina pusilla
carduelis carduelis
carduelis citrinella
carduelis corsicana
carpodacus erythrinus
carpodacus roseus
carpodacus sibiricus
catharus minimus
cecropis daurica
cepphus grylle
cercotrichas galactotes
certhia brachydactyla
certhia familiaris
cettia cetti
chalcophaps longirostris
charadrius alexandrinus
charadrius dubius
charadrius falklandicus
charadrius hiaticula
charadrius leschenaultii
charadrius morinellus
charadrius placidus
charadrius sanctaehelenae
charadrius semipalmatus
charadrius vociferus
charadrius wilsonia
chersophilus duponti
chionis minor
chlidonias hybrida
chlidonias leucopterus
chlidonias niger
chloephaga hybrida
chloephaga picta
chloris chloris
chloris sinica
chorthippus acroleucus
chorthippus albomarginatus
chorthippus brunneus
chorthippus vagans
chroicocephalus genei
chroicocephalus novaehollandiae
chroicocephalus philadelphia
chroicocephalus ridibundus
chrysochraon beybienkoi
chrysococcyx lucidus
chrysolophus amherstiae
chrysolophus pictus
ciconia boyciana
ciconia ciconia
ciconia nigra
cinclocerthia ruficauda
cinclodes antarcticus
cincloramphus mariae
cinclus cinclus
cinnyris coquerellii
circaetus gallicus
circus aeruginosus
circus cyaneus
circus macrourus
circus maillardi
circus melanoleucos
circus pygargus
circus spilonotus
cisticola juncidis
cistothorus platensis
clamator glandarius
clanga clanga
clanga pomarina
clangula hyemalis
clytorhynchus pachycephaloides
coccothraustes coccothraustes
coereba flaveola
colinus cristatus
collocalia uropygialis
coloeus dauuricus
coloeus monedula
columba bollii
columba junoniae
columba livia
columba oenas
columba palumbus
columba rupestris
columba trocaz
conocephalus dorsalis
conocephalus fuscus
contopus latirostris
contopus virens
coracias garrulus
coracina caledonica
corvus albus
corvus corax
corvus cornix
corvus corone
corvus frugilegus
corvus macrorhynchos
corvus moneduloides
corvus ruficollis
corvus splendens
coturnicops exquisitus
coturnix coturnix
coturnix japonica
crex crex
crithagra flaviventris
crotophaga ani
cuculus canorus
cuculus micropterus
cuculus optatus
cuculus poliocephalus
cuculus saturatus
cursorius cursor
cyanistes caeruleus
cyanistes cyanus
cyanistes teneriffae
cyanoliseus patagonus
cyanopica cooki
cyanopica cyanus
cyanoptila cyanomelana
cyanoramphus saisseti
cygnus atratus
cygnus columbianus
cygnus cygnus
cygnus olor
decorana drepanensis
decticus verrucivorus
delichon dasypus
delichon urbicum
dendrocopos hyperythrus
dendrocopos leucotos
dendrocopos major
dendrocopos syriacus
dendrocoptes medius
dendrocygna arborea
dendrocygna autumnalis
dendrocygna bicolor
dendrocygna viduata
dendronanthus indicus
dicrurus waldenii
diomedea dabbenena
diomedea exulans
dolichonyx oryzivorus
drepanoptila holosericea
dryobates minor
dryocopus martius
ducula galeata
ducula goliath
edolisoma anale
egretta garzetta
elaenia martinica
elanus caeruleus
emberiza buchanani
emberiza caesia
emberiza calandra
emberiza chrysophrys
emberiza cia
emberiza cioides
emberiza cirlus
emberiza citrinella
emberiza elegans
emberiza fucata
emberiza godlewskii
emberiza hortulana
emberiza leucocephalos
emberiza melanocephala
emberiza pallasi
emberiza pusilla
emberiza rustica
emberiza sahari
emberiza schoeniclus
emberiza spodocephala
emberiza tristrami
emberiza variabilis
emberiza yessoensis
eremalauda dunni
eremophila alpestris
eremophila bilopha
eremopterix nigriceps
erithacus rubecula
erythrura psittacea
estrilda astrild
eudyptes chrysocome
eudyptes chrysolophus
eudyptes moseleyi
eulampis jugularis
eunymphicus cornutus
euodice malabarica
euplectes afer
euplectes franciscanus
eupsittula pertinax
eurystomus orientalis
falcipennis falcipennis
falco amurensis
falco biarmicus
falco columbarius
falco eleonorae
falco naumanni
falco peregrinus
falco rusticolus
falco subbuteo
falco tinnunculus
falco vespertinus
ficedula albicilla
ficedula albicollis
ficedula hyperythra
ficedula hypoleuca
ficedula mugimaki
ficedula parva
ficedula semitorquata
ficedula speculigera
ficedula zanthopygia
foudia madagascariensis
fratercula arctica
fregata aquila
fregata minor
fringilla coelebs
fringilla montifringilla
fringilla teydea
fulica americana
fulica atra
fulica cristata
fulmarus glacialis
galerida cristata
galerida macrorhyncha
galerida theklae
gallicolumba tristigmata
gallinago delicata
gallinago gallinago
gallinago hardwickii
gallinago media
gallinago megala
gallinago solitaria
gallinago stenura
gallinula chloropus
gallinula comeri
gallus gallus
garrulus glandarius
gavia adamsii
gavia arctica
gavia immer
gavia pacifica
gavia stellata
gelochelidon nilotica
geokichla sibirica
geopelia striata
geotrygon mystacea
geronticus eremita
gerygone flavolateralis
glareola nordmanni
glareola pratincola
glaucidium cuculoides
glaucidium passerinum
glycifohia undulata
gomphocerippus rufus
grus grus
grus japonensis
grus monacha
grus nigricollis
grus virgo
gryllodes sigillatus
gryllotalpa gryllotalpa
gryllus bimaculatus
gryllus campestris
gubernatrix cristata
gygis alba
gymnomyza aubryana
gypaetus barbatus
gyps fulvus
haematopus ater
haematopus leucopodus
haematopus ostralegus
haemorhous mexicanus
haliaeetus albicilla
haliaeetus pelagicus
halobaena caerulea
helopsaltes amnicola
helopsaltes certhiola
helopsaltes fasciolatus
helopsaltes ochotensis
helopsaltes pleskei
helopsaltes pryeri
hieraaetus pennatus
hierococcyx hyperythrus
hierococcyx sparverioides
himantopus himantopus
himantopus mexicanus
hippolais icterina
hippolais polyglotta
hirundapus caudacutus
hirundo rustica
hirundo tahitica
horornis canturians
horornis diphone
hydrobates pelagicus
hydrocoloeus minutus
hydroprogne caspia
hypsipetes amaurotis
hypsipetes borbonicus
hypsipetes madagascariensis
ichthyaetus audouinii
ichthyaetus ichthyaetus
ichthyaetus melanocephalus
ichthyaetus relictus
icterus bonana
icterus icterus
icterus nigrogularis
icterus oberi
iduna caligata
iduna opaca
iduna pallida
ixobrychus eurhythmus
ixobrychus minutus
ixobrychus sinensis
junco hyemalis
jynx torquilla
lagopus lagopus
lagopus muta
lalage leucopyga
lalage newtoni
lanius collurio
lanius cristatus
lanius excubitor
lanius isabellinus
lanius meridionalis
lanius minor
lanius nubicus
lanius senator
lanius sphenocercus
lanius tigrinus
larus argentatus
larus cachinnans
larus canus
larus crassirostris
larus delawarensis
larus dominicanus
larus fuscus
larus glaucoides
larus hyperboreus
larus marinus
larus michahellis
larus schistisagus
larus smithsonianus
larus vegae
larvivora akahige
larvivora cyane
larvivora sibilans
leistes loyca
leptophyes calabra
leptophyes punctatissima
leptotila verreauxi
leucocarbo atriceps
leucocarbo verrucosus
leucogeranus leucogeranus
leucophaeus pipixcan
leucosticte brandti
leucosticte nemoricola
lichmera incana
limnodromus scolopaceus
limnodromus semipalmatus
limnothlypis swainsonii
limosa lapponica
limosa limosa
linaria cannabina
linaria flavirostris
locustella davidi
locustella fluviatilis
locustella lanceolata
locustella luscinioides
locustella naevia
locustella tacsanowskia
lophonetta specularioides
lophophanes cristatus
loxia curvirostra
loxia leucoptera
loxia pytyopsittacus
loxia scotica
loxigilla noctis
lullula arborea
luscinia luscinia
luscinia megarhynchos
luscinia svecica
lymnocryptes minimus
lyrurus mlokosiewiczi
lyrurus tetrix
macronectes halli
mareca americana
mareca falcata
mareca penelope
mareca strepera
margarops fuscatus
marmaronetta angustirostris
meconema meridionale
meconema thalassinum
melanerpes herminieri
melanitta americana
melanitta fusca
melanitta nigra
melanitta perspicillata
melanocorypha calandra
melanodera melanodera
meleagris gallopavo
melopsittacus undulatus
melopyrrha nigra
mergellus albellus
mergus merganser
mergus serrator
merops apiaster
merops nubicus
merops persicus
metrioptera brachyptera
microcarbo pygmaeus
microeca flaviventris
milvus migrans
milvus milvus
mimus gilvus
mimus polyglottos
monticola gularis
monticola saxatilis
monticola solitarius
montifringilla nivalis
morus bassanus
motacilla alba
motacilla cinerea
motacilla citreola
motacilla flava
motacilla tschutschensis
muscicapa dauurica
muscicapa griseisticta
muscicapa sibirica
muscicapa striata
muscicapa tyrrhenica
myadestes genibarbis
myiagra caledonica
myiopsitta monachus
myrmeleotettix maculatus
mystery mystery
myzomela caledonica
myzomela cardinalis
nemobius sylvestris
neophron percnopterus
nesoenas picturatus
nesospiza questi
nesospiza wilkinsi
netta rufina
ninox japonica
nisaetus nipalensis
nucifraga caryocatactes
numenius arquata
numenius madagascariensis
numenius phaeopus
numenius tahitiensis
numenius tenuirostris
numida meleagris
nycticorax nycticorax
nymphicus hollandicus
oceanites oceanicus
oceanodroma castro
oceanodroma leucorhoa
oceanodroma monorhis
ochrilidia sicula
oecanthus pellucens
oenanthe deserti
oenanthe hispanica
oenanthe isabellina
oenanthe leucopyga
oenanthe leucura
oenanthe moesta
oenanthe oenanthe
oenanthe pleschanka
omocestus rufipes
omocestus uhagonii
omocestus viridulus
onychoprion aleuticus
onychoprion fuscatus
oriolus oriolus
orthorhyncus cristatus
otis tarda
otus lettia
otus mayottensis
otus scops
otus semitorques
otus sunia
oxyura jamaicensis
oxyura leucocephala
pachycephala caledonica
pachycephala chlorura
pachycephala rufiventris
pachyptila belcheri
pachyptila desolata
pachyptila vittata
pagophila eburnea
pandion haliaetus
panurus biarmicus
paradoxornis heudei
pardaliparus venustulus
parkesia noveboracensis
parus major
parus minor
passer cinnamomeus
passer domesticus
passer hispaniolensis
passer italiae
passer montanus
passer simplex
passerina caerulea
pastor roseus
patagioenas corensis
patagioenas squamosa
pavo cristatus
pelagodroma marina
pelecanoides urinatrix
pelecanus crispus
pelecanus occidentalis
pelecanus onocrotalus
perdix dauurica
perdix perdix
pericrocotus divaricatus
periparus ater
perisoreus infaustus
pernis apivorus
pernis ptilorhynchus
petronia petronia
phaethon aethereus
phaethon lepturus
phaethon rubricauda
phalacrocorax aristotelis
phalacrocorax carbo
phalacrocorax magellanicus
phalaropus fulicarius
phalaropus lobatus
phalcoboenus australis
phaneroptera falcata
phasianus colchicus
phedina borbonica
philemon diemenensis
phoebetria palpebrata
phoeniconaias minor
phoenicopterus roseus
phoenicurus auroreus
phoenicurus erythronotus
phoenicurus moussieri
phoenicurus ochruros
phoenicurus phoenicurus
pholidoptera griseoaptera
phylloscopus bonelli
phylloscopus borealis
phylloscopus borealoides
phylloscopus canariensis
phylloscopus collybita
phylloscopus coronatus
phylloscopus examinandus
phylloscopus fuscatus
phylloscopus griseolus
phylloscopus humei
phylloscopus ibericus
phylloscopus inornatus
phylloscopus nitidus
phylloscopus orientalis
phylloscopus plumbeitarsus
phylloscopus proregulus
phylloscopus schwarzi
phylloscopus sibilatrix
phylloscopus sindianus
phylloscopus tenellipes
phylloscopus trochiloides
phylloscopus trochilus
phylloscopus xanthodryas
pica mauritanica
pica pica
pica serica
picoides tridactylus
picus canus
picus sharpei
picus vaillantii
picus viridis
pinicola enucleator
platalea leucorodia
platycercus elegans
platycleis albopunctata
platycleis iberica
plectrophenax nivalis
plegadis falcinellus
ploceus cucullatus
ploceus melanocephalus
pluvialis apricaria
pluvialis dominica
pluvialis fulva
pluvialis squatarola
podiceps auritus
podiceps cristatus
podiceps grisegena
podiceps nigricollis
podilymbus podiceps
poecile cinctus
poecile lugubris
poecile montanus
poecile palustris
poicephalus senegalus
polysticta stelleri
pomarea iphis
pomarea mendozae
pomarea nigra
pomarea whitneyi
porphyrio porphyrio
porzana atra
porzana carolina
porzana fusca
porzana parva
porzana paykullii
porzana porzana
porzana pusilla
procellaria aequinoctialis
procellaria cinerea
prosobonia parvirostris
prunella atrogularis
prunella collaris
prunella fulvescens
prunella himalayana
prunella modularis
prunella montanella
pseudobulweria rostrata
pseudochorthippus parallelus
psittacara erythrogenys
psittacula eupatria
psittacula krameri
psittacus erithacus
pternistis bicalcaratus
pterocles alchata
pterocles coronatus
pterocles lichtensteinii
pterocles orientalis
pterocles senegallus
pterodroma baraui
pterodroma deserta
pterodroma heraldica
pterodroma incerta
pterodroma lessonii
pterodroma madeira
pterodroma neglecta
pterodroma nigripennis
pterolepis elymica
ptilinopus coralensis
ptilinopus dupetithouarsii
ptilinopus greyi
ptilinopus huttoni
ptilinopus insularis
ptilinopus purpuratus
ptyonoprogne rupestris
puffinus bailloni
puffinus baroli
puffinus mauretanicus
puffinus puffinus
puffinus yelkouan
pycnonotus atriceps
pycnonotus barbatus
pycnonotus jocosus
pygoscelis papua
pyrgilauda davidiana
pyrrhocorax graculus
pyrrhocorax pyrrhocorax
pyrrhula murina
pyrrhula pyrrhula
quelea quelea
quiscalus lugubris
quiscalus niger
rallus aquaticus
rallus indicus
ramphocinclus brachyurus
ramphocoris clotbey
recurvirostra avosetta
regulus ignicapilla
regulus madeirensis
regulus regulus
remiz consobrinus
remiz coronatus
remiz pendulinus
rhacocleis maculipedes
rhea americana
rhipidura albiscapa
rhipidura verreauxi
rhodopechys alienus
rhodostethia rosea
rhynochetos jubatus
riparia diluta
riparia paludicola
riparia riparia
rissa brevirostris
rissa tridactyla
roeseliana roeselii
ruspolia nitidula
saltator albicollis
sardoplatycleis galvagnii
saxicola caprata
saxicola dacotiae
saxicola maurus
saxicola rubetra
saxicola rubicola
saxicola stejnegeri
saxicola tectes
scolopax rusticola
scotocerca inquieta
seiurus aurocapilla
serinus canaria
serinus serinus
setophaga aestiva
setophaga petechia
setophaga ruticilla
setophaga striata
setophaga virens
setophaga vitellina
sibirionetta formosa
sinosuthora alphonsiana
sinosuthora webbiana
sitta europaea
sitta krueperi
sitta villosa
sitta whiteheadi
somateria mollissima
somateria spectabilis
sonus naturalis
spatula clypeata
spatula querquedula
spheniscus magellanicus
spilopelia senegalensis
spiloptila clamans
spindalis zena
spinus barbatus
spinus spinus
spizelloides arborea
spodiopsar cineraceus
spodiopsar sericeus
stenobothrus lineatus
stenobothrus stigmaticus
stercorarius antarcticus
stercorarius longicaudus
stercorarius parasiticus
stercorarius pomarinus
stercorarius skua
sterna dougallii
sterna hirundo
sterna paradisaea
sterna vittata
sternula albifrons
sternula antillarum
sternula nereis
stethophyma grossum
streptopelia decaocto
streptopelia orientalis
streptopelia roseogrisea
streptopelia turtur
strix aluco
strix nebulosa
strix uralensis
sturnus unicolor
sturnus vulgaris
sula dactylatra
sula leucogaster
sula sula
surnia ulula
sylvia althaea
sylvia atricapilla
sylvia balearica
sylvia borin
sylvia cantillans
sylvia communis
sylvia conspicillata
sylvia crassirostris
sylvia curruca
sylvia deserti
sylvia deserticola
sylvia hortensis
sylvia melanocephala
sylvia minula
sylvia nana
sylvia nisoria
sylvia ruppeli
sylvia sarda
sylvia subalpina
sylvia undata
syrmaticus reevesii
tachybaptus ruficollis
tachyeres brachypterus
tachymarptis melba
tadorna ferruginea
tadorna tadorna
tarsiger cyanurus
tchagra senegalus
terpsiphone bourbonnensis
terpsiphone incei
tetrao urogalloides
tetrao urogallus
tetraogallus altaicus
tetrastes bonasia
tetrax tetrax
tettigonia longispina
tettigonia viridissima
thalassarche melanophris
thalasseus sandvicensis
thectocercus acuticaudatus
threskiornis aethiopicus
tiaris bicolor
tiaris olivaceus
tichodroma muraria
todiramphus godeffroyi
todiramphus sanctus
todiramphus tutus
todiramphus veneratus
treron sieboldii
tringa brevipes
tringa erythropus
tringa flavipes
tringa glareola
tringa incana
tringa nebularia
tringa ochropus
tringa stagnatilis
tringa totanus
troglodytes cobbi
troglodytes troglodytes
turdus atrogularis
turdus chrysolaus
turdus eremita
turdus eunomus
turdus falcklandii
turdus hortulorum
turdus iliacus
turdus lherminieri
turdus merula
turdus naumanni
turdus obscurus
turdus pallidus
turdus philomelos
turdus pilaris
turdus ruficollis
turdus torquatus
turdus viscivorus
turnix sylvaticus
turnix tanki
tyrannus caudifasciatus
tyrannus dominicensis
tyto alba
upupa epops
uria aalge
uria lomvia
urosphena squameiceps
vanellus gregarius
vanellus leucurus
vanellus spinosus
vanellus vanellus
vidua macroura
vini kuhlii
vini peruviana
vini stepheni
vini ultramarina
vireo altiloquus
vireo magister
vultur gryphus
xema sabini
xenus cinereus
yungipicus canicapillus
yungipicus kizuki
zenaida asiatica
zeuneriana amplipennis
zonotrichia atricapilla
zoothera aurea
zosterops borbonicus
zosterops erythropleurus
zosterops inornatus
zosterops mayottensis
zosterops minutus
zosterops olivaceus
zosterops xanthochroa
